ci: allow PR workflows to run on any base branch (#4979)
JacquesCarette/Drasil: wiki/Workflow.md

    - "Contributes to issue #ID" or "contributes to #ID" → links issue to PR, but doesn't close issue when PR is merged (required keywords: #ID).
    - "Closes #ID" → links issue to PR, and closes issue when PR is merged.
- I am working on an issue that requires multiple pull requests to complete, some of which are dependent on others. I have created one branch that I intend to use for my multiple pull requests for the same issue.

>     - This can be done; however, it is problematic, as outlined in [this comment](https://github.com/JacquesCarette/Drasil/pull/2157#issuecomment-637079762); instead, follow the advice given in the [same comment](https://github.com/JacquesCarette/Drasil/pull/2157#issuecomment-637079762). In summary, each PR must have its own branch. You can make a PR who's base branch is another PR's branch, and when the dependency PR is merged to `main` your PR will be [automatically retargetted to `main`](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-05-19-pull-request-retargeting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This can be done; however, it is problematic, as outlined in [this comment](https://github.com/JacquesCarette/Drasil/pull/2157#issuecomment-637079762); instead, follow the advice given in the [same comment](https://github.com/JacquesCarette/Drasil/pull/2157#issuecomment-637079762). In summary, each PR must have its own branch. You can chain PRs by setting a dependent PR's base to the earlier PR's branch. For example, given branches `main`, `A`, and `B`: file a PR from `A` to `main`, and a PR from `B` to `A`. When the dependency (`A`) merges into `main`, the dependent PR (`B`) will [automatically retarget to `main`](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-05-19-pull-request-retargeting/).
```

Author: This is better, thanks.
